Visit: https://www.openprocessing.org/sketch/182441

# bcb-502-a0
Ross Lagoy
A0, BCB 502
01/25/15
github.com/rlag
openprocessing.org/user/46418

A description of what I have created

I designed an animated version of my lab’s logo in Processing. Our original lab logo could use some updating with animated colors and an interactive “hover” feature for powerpoint slides, websites, etc. The color has no significant relevance other than aesthetics, but the hover has some meaning.

The logo design originates from the pattern of round microposts, characteristic of our microfluidic devices used in the lab to study C. elegans neurobiology. The mouse hover interaction is representative of an applied stimulus that we can flow through a microfluidic device. It occurs in an automated spatial and temporal manner, implied by the mouse hover initiation and the fade when the mouse hover is removed.

The bottom two thirds of the canvas, separated by a horizontal line, are reserved for a bouncing ball, generated by the users mouse click event. The ball has a pseudo-random x,y trajectory direction derived by the users mouse x,y position. The color of the ball Is updated as the logo colors are updated. I thought this would be a cool (irrelevant) feature to add in, which helped me become more familiar with features in Processing. I also made a personal logo in the shape of “RL” at the bottom right of the canvas.

How to compile my code / what is included in my folder

My code can be run through the processing window as is (clicking ‘Run’), with no special compiling needed. This README file and A0.pde file are included in my A0 repo.
